Once you've finished creating your trees remember to merge layers together so that each tree has its
own separate layer so we can turn them off and on and select them as one piece.
So now what we'll do is we're going to use our marquee tool and we're on the last two and we're going
to select our tree and copy then we're going to come back to our original document.
And the first floating island folder we're going to pasted on the very bottom After dragging down because
you can't paste it to the very bottom.
Then we will shrink them down
and we can place them
like so the guys still might need to come down.
Awesome.
And so now we'll just do that with all of the trees and we're going to use some of the trees more than
once.
So just go ahead and watch how I place mine.
And then you can go ahead and do yours
.
All
right.
I think that looks good.
So go ahead and place your trees.
You can place them wherever you like or you can also place them where I've placed my trees.